Dear Speakers (on BCC and CC),
We are all looking forward to welcoming you to Warsaw next week! The whole team is really excited about our 10th anniversary!
This email contains a summary of important logistical information before the conference - please read carefully!

The Conference and Agenda
We expect ca. 1100 attendees on-site and another 250 joining us online via live-stream on Vimeo. 
We are quite happy with the numbers - we are ALMOST back to our pre-pandemic levels (we had 1500 ppl in 2019)!

Please check the full agenda here: https://net.developerdays.pl/main-conference/
If you see any issue with how your sessions are scheduled, please let us know ASAP!

Airport Transfers
Unfortunately, we will not be able to provide airport transfers for arriving speakers.
The taxi from the airport to the hotel should be equivalent to ca. 15-20 EUR and most taxis take credit card payments (but better to ask first). Taxis from the airport stand are safe to take. Uber is another good option.

The Speaker Hotel
The speaker hotel is (as usual) The Westin Warsaw (al. Jana Pawła II 21, 00-854 Warszawa, map: https://goo.gl/maps/Y1HLPbZ665P2). 
All reservations are in your individual names, under DATA MASTER block reservation.
I have attached the rooming list to this email, so you can check if your reservation details are correct.
 
The Venue
Conference venue is EXPO XXI at Pradzynskiego Str. where we will occupy halls 1, 2 and 4. I have attached the venue plan for your information.
There will be a dedicated Speaker Room available on-site for your convenience.

Venue Transfers
Directions from the hotel to the venue: https://goo.gl/maps/zKV5Mibtfen
Tuesday and Wednesday: shuttles from the hotel to the venue at 8:00 and 8:30 am each morning (look for vans with the conference logo). If you miss the shuttle, you have to make it there on your own (at less than 3.5 km, it's walkable in good weather).
Return to the hotel - depending on the needs we will be happy to take you there with the shuttle or order a taxi for you.

Warsaw Tour and Speaker Dinner on Monday evening
We will be hosting our traditional Speaker Dinner on Monday, October 23rd at 8:00 pm at Hub Praga (https://hub-praga.pl/en/chef). We hope you can join us for some food and drinks before the conference! 
If you have any dietary requirements, like vegan, vegetarian, pescatarian etc. - please let me know ASAP (preferably today)!
But even before that, we will have a really cool Warsaw-by-bus tour starting from The Westin at 6:00 pm. If you are already in Warsaw by that time, you really don't want to miss that! We can start gathering in the lobby bar from ca. 5:30 pm, so the tour departure is not delayed. The bus tour will end at the restaurant, so if you miss the tour, you will have to make it there on your own.

Conference Party on Tuesday evening
We will also be throwing a conference party at the venue on Tuesday starting at around 7 pm, going until 11 pm! Free beer, food and music! Please join us and mingle with the attendees - those folks are really eager to hang out with you!
The entertainment for the evening will be a rock band from the Netherlands called Great Pianos (https://www.greatpianos.nl/en/de-band).

PPT Template
Attached to this email is the conference PPT template. Please use it for all your presentations (pre-cons are exempt). All screen resolutions use 16:9 aspect ratio, with individual screens varying in resolution depending on your session room.
If it's too difficult for you to modify your entire slidedeck to the new template, please at the very least use the title, rating and sponsor slides in your presentation.
Because rooms A and B will be darkened, we kindly ask you to use dark background for your slides (as in the template) and dark theme in your VS demos to make it a little easier on the attendees' eyes.

Tech-checks
We would really appreciate it if you could be at the venue early on Tuesday in order to run a quick tech-check with the AV team. There will also be opportunity to do tech checks on Tuesday afternoon if your session is on Wednesday - ping me for details if you want to arrange one. Please let me know ASAP if you have any special requirements or if you're using a Mac (we have a history of problems with those, so tech-checks are obligatory in that case).

WhatsApp group for speaker communication
We use WhatsApp group for on-site communication with and among speakers. This is our main communication channel during the conference!
Please join it as soon as you arrive in Warsaw and stay in touch - here is the link: <link>
I would appreciate it if you could reply to me directly and provide me with your phone number, just in case we need to locate you during the event. ;)

I hope I have covered everything but if I didn't and you still have questions, please let me know.

Safe travels and see you in Warsaw next week!
Maciej and The Team